Update CONTRIBUTING.md with pictures and instructions (#1)
CodenCommunity/Coden.github.io: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

* [Step 6: Push it to your forked branch](https://github.com/Michelle-Lohwt/Coden.github.io/blob/branch1/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#step-6-push-it-to-your-forked-branch)
* [Step 7: Make a Pull Request (PR)](https://github.com/Michelle-Lohwt/Coden.github.io/blob/branch1/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#step-7-make-a-pull-request-pr)

### Step 0: Are you a Codenian?
* Click [here](https://github.com/CodenCommunity/Support/issues/new?assignees=LeeRenJie&labels=Join+Coden+GitHub&template=join-coden-github.md&title=Join+Coden+on+GitHub) to be a member of Coden on GitHub to contribute to any in-house projects.
* Click [here](https://discord.gg/rSKKKZEnVn) to join us in our Discord Server and meet the rest of the community!
Once you are on GitHub and Discord, move on to step 1

---

### Step 1: Fork the project
* Fork this Repository. This will create a Local Copy of this Repository on your Github Profile.
![fork](https://github.com/Michelle-Lohwt/Coden.github.io/blob/branch1/assets/pic1_fork.png)

<ul>
  <li>Add the forked repository to your computer directory:</li>
  <blockquote>

```

> $ git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/Coden.github.io 

Reviewer: Better to show this(from forked repo), easier to copy and paste. ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67599130/127766069-fb4aae01-71e2-471a-bf92-da1c2e56db23.png)

    
# This is a comment, change **repo_name** in the following to your repository name

> $ cd repo_name 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cd Coden.github,io
```

    
$ git remote add upstream https://github.com/CodenCommunity/Coden.github.io
```
  </blockquote>
</ul>
  
---

### Step 2: Find an issue
* Take a look at the Existing Issues or create your **own** Issues!  

> * Wait for the Issue to be assigned to you after which you can start working on it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Comment under the issue to work on it.
* Wait for an admin to assign the Issue to you before working on it. 
* Admin will assign to contributors based on first come first serve (FCFS) basis, 
* If the issue is not completed or without progress for a limited time, it will be open for other contributors to work on it.
```

$ git add .  

# To add only a few files to Branch_Name
$ git add <some files>
```
- Using GitHub
![upload_file](https://github.com/Michelle-Lohwt/Coden.github.io/blob/branch1/assets/pic4_upload_file.png)

---

### Step 5: Commit
* You are suggested to use Conventional Commits in your commit message to ease other contributors reading the documentation, read [here](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
* To commit give a descriptive message for the convenience of reviewer by using terminal:  
```
# This message get associated with all files you have changed  
$ git commit -m "message"  
```
- Using GitHub
![commit](https://github.com/Michelle-Lohwt/Coden.github.io/blob/branch1/assets/pic5_commit.png)
---
  
### Step 6: Push it to your forked branch
* Push your changes to the forked branch
```
git push
```
* You should see something like this in your Github after pushing:
![push](https://github.com/Michelle-Lohwt/Coden.github.io/blob/branch1/assets/pic6_push.png)
---
  
### Step 7: Make a Pull Request (PR)
* Go to your repository in browser and click on compare and pull requests. Then add a title and description to your pull request that explains your contribution.

> ![pull_request](https://github.com/Michelle-Lohwt/Coden.github.io/blob/branch1/assets/pic7_create_pull.png)

Reviewer: For this pic, the arrow would be better if pointed at the "compare & pull request"
